feat(forms): add `Iterate.PushContainer` to support an "initially open" container (#3843)
dnbexperience/eufemia: packages/dnb-design-system-portal/src/docs/uilib/extensions/forms/Iterate/CreateEntryContainer/info.mdx

---
showTabs: true
hideInMenu: true
---

## Description

`Iterate.CreateEntryContainer` enables users to create a new entry in the array. It can be used instead of the [PushButton](/uilib/extensions/forms/Iterate/PushButton/).

It allows the user to fill in the fields without storing them in the data context.

> Fields inside the container must have a `itemPath` defined.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fields inside the container must have an `itemPath` defined.
```

> Fields inside the container need to have a `itemPath` defined.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fields inside the container must have a `itemPath` defined.
```

> You can place it under the [Array](/uilib/extensions/forms/Iterate/Array/) component like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can place it below the [Array](/uilib/extensions/forms/Iterate/Array/) component like this:
```
